How dare you be stubborn
Even if he is the rumored dawn
His character corrupted my Shen family, what's the crime?
Although I don't know yet
Just do things
Stop talking nonsense
We not only look beautiful every day
He is also the number one gold producer of Odd Arts
He won us a contract with the Shen family over 10 billion yuan
His dignity will not be defeated in ten lifetimes
Do you believe that he is Chen shi?
Isn't he you poor scourge?
Are you saying he is evidence?
Evidence that every performance I have performed since my debut
Every work
It's all support every day
Is the evidence
Kumanishi, you have to be shameless
Is everyone else's identity going to be robbed?
So shameless
I'll say it again.
I am the dawn
Hey, why don't you play according to the routine?
How do you make me end up like this?
Just watch
Kusiexi
Talk big, at least make a draft
You dare to pretend to be a gold producer
I don't want to see if I'm that kind of material
Can you read music? Yes
Gu Jinxi, you said you are Chenxi
Sure. Do you have any evidence?
Who can prove it for you?
I'll take care of it.